(DOCS-2753) Remove instances of 'we' from docs (#12609)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/distributed_tracing/_index.md

- Tracing dozens of additional out-of-the-box [Python][4] and [Node.js][5] libraries.
- Tracing non-HTTP requests made through SNS, Kinesis, EventBridge, MQTT and more (requires additional instrumention outlined [here][6]).

> For Python and Node.js serverless applications, Datadog recommends you [install Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, Datadog recommends you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described [here][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Python and Node.js serverless applications, Datadog recommends you [install Datadog's tracing libraries][7]. If your application requires AWS X-Ray active tracing in AWS managed services such as API Gateway or Step Functions, Datadog recommends you augment AWS X-Ray traces with Datadog APM by configuring _both_ AWS X-Ray and Datadog APM tracing libraries as described in [Serverless Trace Merging][8].
```
